<!-- converted from b8eb3333-abstract20240131.docx -->

Learner Name (s): _____________________________________ Grade(s): ___________
School Name: ____________________________ Region: _________________________
Project Title: ______________________________________________________________
An abstract is a summary of your project report that you write after you have completed your experiment AND written your project report. It is written in the third person and the past tense. Your abstract must be concise and must not include references/tables/graphs/images. Your explanations must follow a logical sequence. Do not cite references or refer to figures or tables in the Abstract. Write full sentences and not point form. Your Abstract must be displayed at the beginning of your Report File as well as in your Official Documents File.
This is a Template and a guide to help you write the content. It has compulsory headings, which must be used in your abstract. It must be less than 250 words.
Purpose
Begin by identifying the motivation for your study. In many cases, you might begin by stating the question you sought out to investigate and your variables/functions/mathematical relationships. State the Hypothesis (if applicable). For Engineering Projects, what were the Engineering Goals and design criteria?
Method
Briefly, describe the procedure used. Don’t list materials used but rather mention them while explaining your method. Explain what you used to approach the research question and how you did it.
Mention and describe the numerical approaches/ assumptions/ proofs you used to evaluate the research question and how you did it (Mathematics and Theoretical)
Describe the method used to test and solve the engineering or design goal (Engineering and Computer Science).
Describe the participants in the study. State how many participants took part and how they were selected (Social Sciences)
Results
Give a summary of the results that align with your aim. The section is essentially a quick peek at what judges will find when they read your results section.
Conclusion
Provide the main conclusions or implications of the project. What might your results indicate and what directions does it point to for future research?
Delete all information except the headings in this Template